[FLINK-29398][connector/kafka] Provide rack ID to Kafka Source to take advantage of Rack Awareness (#20)
apache/flink-connector-kafka: docs/content/docs/connectors/datastream/kafka.md

For detailed explanations of security configurations, please refer to
<a href="https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#security">the "Security" section in Apache Kafka documentation</a>.

## Kafka Rack Awareness

> Kafka Rack Awareness allows flink to select and control the cloud region and availability zone configured by the use of rackId, this feature could allow a significant cost reduction in the cloud provider bill and achieve a better networking performance when connecting to closer and more reliable networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kafka rack awareness allows Flink to select and control the cloud region and availability zone that Kafka consumers read from, based on the Rack ID. This feature reduces network costs and latency since it allows consumers to connect to the closest Kafka brokers, possibly colocated in the same cloud region and availability zone.
```

### RackId

> setRackId is the variable where the desired or available availability zones get stored. If provided, the Supplier will be run when the consumer is set up on the Task Manager, and the consumer's client.rack configuration will be set to the value.

Reviewer: This section could less verbose--you can briefly describe how the rackId is set via the supplier without going too deep into the implementation and briefly mention example suppliers.

> https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#consumerconfigs_client.rack

Reviewer: Consider moving this documentation earlier since it defines rack awareness
